okay I have scoured YouTube looking for
ways to fix holes in the bottom of my
in-text pool can't find the damn hole so
what we do are actually this idea we
came up with by my brother here he was
swimming around the bottom of the pool
and then he just how did you find out
how how to find the holes it was wet no
I struggled to stay down there with my
goggles and I just feed on the bottom of
the pool till I see little Brown
eruptions from the ground underneath
that's easy part
back you Chris so he beat on the bottom
of the pool to a little brown little
squirts of mud from the dirt underneath
and the water mixing with it come up
through the hole there you go you found
your hole and then you got to patch it
with your waterproof underwater patches
if your partner has a trouble with a
staying underwater cap you can Captain
Morgan style
just don't hold them under there until
he drowns that was stuck to itself -
then did it yeah did it go on anyways
that's how you find the holes it's a lot
easier than using food coloring and
turning the whole pool a different color
yeah because that didn't work and that
usually works if you kind of have an
idea of where the holes at they go hold
on on the bottom